README.md, before:

# Library
A collection of books that I have read or want to read.

Books are organized into the following categories:

## [Data Engineering](<Data Engineering>)

### R

 - Reis, J., & Housley, M. (2022). *Fundamentals of Data Engineering: Plan and Build Robust Data Systems.* O'Reilly Media.

## [Data Science](<Data Science>)

### G

 - Grus, J. (2019). *Data Science from Scratch: First Principles with Python.* O'Reilly Media.

### P

 - Provost, F., & Fawcett, T. (2013). *Data Science for Business: What You Need to Know about Data Mining and Data-Analytic Thinking.* O'Reilly Media.

## [Machine Learning Engineering](<Machine Learning Engineering>)

### H

 - Hall, P., Curtis, J., & Pandey, P. (2023). Machine Learning for High-Risk Applications. Compliments of Dataiku. O'Reilly Media.
 - Huyen, C. (2022). *Designing Machine Learning Systems: An Iterative Process for Production-Ready Applications.* O'Reilly Media.

## [Statistics](<Statistics>)

### A

 - Albert, J. (2017). Teaching Statistics Using Baseball. American Mathematical Society.

Commit message:

Adds Where Research Begins; updates README

README.md, after:

# Library
A collection of books that I have read or want to read.

Books are organized into the following categories:

## [Data Engineering](<Data Engineering>)

### R

 - Reis, J., & Housley, M. (2022). *Fundamentals of Data Engineering: Plan and Build Robust Data Systems*. O'Reilly Media.

## [Data Science](<Data Science>)

### G

 - Grus, J. (2019). *Data Science from Scratch: First Principles with Python*. O'Reilly Media.

### P

 - Provost, F., & Fawcett, T. (2013). *Data Science for Business: What You Need to Know about Data Mining and Data-Analytic Thinking*. O'Reilly Media.

## [Machine Learning Engineering](<Machine Learning Engineering>)

### H

 - Hall, P., Curtis, J., & Pandey, P. (2023). *Machine Learning for High-Risk Applications*. Compliments of Dataiku. O'Reilly Media.
 - Huyen, C. (2022). *Designing Machine Learning Systems: An Iterative Process for Production-Ready Applications*. O'Reilly Media.

## [Research](<Research>)

 - Mulaney, T., & Rea, C. (2022). *Where Research Begins: Choosing a Research Project that Matters to You (and the World)*. University of Chicago Press.

## [Statistics](<Statistics>)

### A

 - Albert, J. (2017). *Teaching Statistics Using Baseball*. American Mathematical Society.
